---
layout: post
title: The Defense Season 2: compLexity Gaming vs. Moscow Five 
tags: [dota2, compLexity Gaming, Moscow Five, The Defense, The Defense: Season 2]
status: publish
type: post
published: true
---

# The Defense: Season 2 - Group Phase 

Group 2 Match: compLexity Gaming (coL) [0-0] vs. Moscow Five (M5) [0-0]

2012-06-21 20:30 CEST (Central European Standard Time)

## Match Preview

The first match of the Defense features Moscow Five vs. compLexity Gaming in what should be a top-tier match-up.

### compLexity Gaming

The new compLexity Gaming Dota 2 team is an International 2012 invitee as a solid, North American team. Though they have only been picked up by compLexity Gaming this year, team FIRE has been a very competitive in the professional scene, consistently being first or second in the tournaments they've participated in. They'll be looking to establish both themselves and North America as a consistent powerhouse in Dota 2.

### Moscow Five

A Moscow Five team was in the International, but that isn't the same team seen today; an entire roster change has underscored a year of tumultuous change for the team. That is not to say that this 'new' team isn't skilled; they've already been invited to the International 2012, and they qualified but were unable to participate in the DreamHack Summer 2012 Vengeance cup. As the organization's main focus still seems to be towards League of Legends, it's guaranteed that this crew is looking to make Dota 2 a bigger part of the Moscow Five name, and to reclaim the Moscow Five name as a bigger part of the Dota 2 professional scene.

## Match Links

### Video on Demand

[Casted by TobiWan](http://www.own3d.tv/DotA/watch/679533)

### In-Game

Note: Requires purchasing [a ticket to The Defense in the Dota 2 store here](http://www.dota2.com/store/itemdetails/61578576?appid=570).

[Click Here to watch the match in-game](dota2://matchid=21721650)

## Picking

* coL Ban: Leshrac
* M5 Ban: Dark Seer
* coL Ban: Chaos Knight
* M5 Ban: Lycanthrope
* coL Ban: Invoker
* M5 Ban: Chen
* coL Pick: Nature's Profit
* M5 Pick: Sand King
* M5 Pick: Venomancer
* coL Pick: Shadow Demon
* coL Pick: Beastmaster
* M5 Pick: Enigma
* coL Ban: Anti-Mage
* M5 Ban: Crystal Maiden
* coL Ban: Nightstalker
* M5 Ban: Brewmaster
* coL Pick: Queen of Pain
* M5 Pick: Morphling
* coL Pick: Tidehunter
* M5 Pick: Windrunner

## Team Rosters

There are no stand-ins for this match.

### compLexity Gaming - Radiant

* Brian 'FLUFFNSTUFF' Lee - Tidehunter
* Jio 'Jeyo' Madayag - Nature’s Prophet
* Tyler 'TC' Cook - Queen of Pain
* Tony 'Hannah_Montana' Talavera - Beastmaster
* Michael 'ixmike88' Ghannam - Shadow Demon

### Moscow Five - Dire
* Vladimir 'plzgogame' Anosov (aka pgg) - Enigma
* Ivan 'Vigoss' Shinkarev (aka vVv) - Sandking
* Igor 'Admiration' Kalnysh - Venomancer
* Vadim 'Bl00DAnGel' Trushkin - Windrunner
* Airat 'Silent' Gaziev (aka ss) - Morphling

## Lanes

### Top

Beastmaster vs Morphling

### Middle

Queen of Pain vs. Sandking and Venomancer

### Bottom

Shadow Demon and Tidehunter vs. Windrunner

### Jungle

Radiant: Nature's Profit; Dire: Enigma

## Match Information

### Match Winner

compLexity Gaming in 54:19

### Match Summary


### Match Stats

First Blood: Shadow Demon (ixmike88)

Highest GPM: 

Highest XPM: 

Most Kills:

Most Deaths:

Longest Kill-streak: 